[thunder cracks]
[thunder rumbling]
-[thunder cracks]
-[meows]
So, today, we perform
the ritual for new students
to summon their familiars.
You had better be prepared...
[thunder cracks]
...Iruma.
[cat meows]
♪
[NARRATOR]
The netherworld.
The realm where all demons live.
And the monarch who rules is,
the Demon King.
However, the Demon King's throne
has sat empty for ages.
♪
Only the most worthy
will inherit
this seat of sovereignty,
but who will it be?
[BOY AND GIRL]
"Familiars Summoned."
♪
You're such a good boy.
You always do as you're told.
[giggles]
Hey, Iruma, would you be a sport
and carry these for me?
Okay, Dad.
And after that,
do you mind
cleaning all this up?
You got it.
Could you clean
the bathroom, too?
Anything for you.
-[IRUMA giggles] Hmm.
-Who's my good boy?
-[DAD] On that note...
-Huh?
[in unison]
Would you mind terribly
if we sold you off to a demon?
[IRUMA, fearfully]
Sure?
[SULLIVAN, menacingly]
Hmm.
[echoing]
That is not okay!
[gasps] What the...
Oh.
That's right, I...
[singsongy]
Good morning, sunshine!
How's my precious little nugget
of a grandson today?
Your adoring grandpa
has arrived.
[NARRATOR]
This is Sullivan. He is a demon.
Oh. Uh, good morning, mister...
I mean, G-Grandpa?
Oh, I just love
the way that name sounds.
[IRUMA] I've recently become
the grandson of a demon.
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age 14.
He's a pitiful boy
who was sold off to a demon
by his idiot parents.
♪
Did you sleep well?
[IRUMA]
Oh, uh, yes.
[SULLIVAN]
No need to hold back.
Eat as much as you'd like.
You're still a growing boy.
[IRUMA]
Thanks.
The cuisine in the netherworld
takes a little courage to try,
but it turns out
it's really good.
[grunts] Mm!
[chomps noisily] Mm!
This might actually be
the first time
I've ever been able
to savor a meal.
This is delicious!
I need to pack it in
while I still can.
[OPERA]
Hell Grey tea.
Oh. Thank you much, I'll try it.
[SULLIVAN] Ready for
your first day of class?
[groans]
[NARRATOR]
Indeed.
Iruma is now
officially attending
the prestigious demon school
known as Babyls,
as Sullivan's grandson.
But do I have to?
What if the demons
figure out that I'm human?
They're gonna turn me
into a snack.
Um, can we talk?
Yes.
[IRUMA]
It's about school.
Sure, but first...
Right.
Lookee here.
I splurged to celebrate
you starting your new school.
This is all for me?
[SULLIVAN]
Mm-hmm.
But you already gave me
so much yesterday.
♪
Oh, that was just
to celebrate me
getting my first grandson.
This is to celebrate
you starting school.
Helicopter parent!
[SULLIVAN]
Ta-da!
Opera and I even added
some extra embroidery.
Well, what do you think?
It's beautiful, thanks.
I'm not used to
doing embroidery,
so it was quite intricate,
but it was so much fun.
Huh?
Ooh, and this.
Here's your hell-raiser clock
So you can get up in the morning
to be on time.
[cacophonous screeching]
So, you wanted to talk?
[gasps]
[SULLIVAN]
Hmm?
Right. So, I, uh...
About school...
[echoing]
What about school?
Well, it's just that...
[echoing]
Just what?
[groans uncomfortably]
[echoing]
Go on.
[groans]
I just... can't wait for it.
-[SULLIVAN chuckles]
-[IRUMA] Ugh.
[NARRATOR] Yes, Iruma Suzuki
is a total pushover.
[screeches]
Okay, I'm off now, see ya.
Have a good day, grandson.
Please be careful.
[SULLIVAN]
Now we tail him.
I have to get his first walk
to school on video.
[OPERA] I'm afraid you'll be
working from home today, sir.
[SULLIVAN]
Let me go. Opera, wait!
-♪ Suck them dry ♪
-[groaning]
-♪ Soul and plasma ♪
-[whimpers sharply]
♪ Flesh and marrow ♪
♪ Their whole brood ♪
♪ May the sound of
our mighty wings as we fly ♪
[indistinct conversations]
Morning.
[in unison]
Good morning, class president.
How are you today?
The breeze feels
lovely again this morning,
wouldn't you agree?
I don't even know what to do.
-[laughs]
-So what happened next?
[BOY]
Come on, you guys.
[CLASS PRESIDENT]
No idle chitchat.
-[ALL] Yes, ma'am.
-[CLASS PRESIDENT] Listen up.
You are demons.
Speak in a tone
that intimidates the listener.
That means you need to project.
Try again!
[ALL]
Yes, ma'am.
[in unison] Good morning!
Good morning, everyone!
[CLASS PRESIDENT]
Continue.
[in unison]
Good morning!
Good morning, everyone!
[BOY 1] Today's the
familiar-summoning ritual.
[BOY 2]
I wonder what mine's gonna be.
-[BOYS] Good morning, everyone.
-[GIRL] I'm so excited.
[IRUMA] Maybe they're
from the student council.
Whatever I do,
I cannot stand out.
Hello and good morning, Iruma!
I've been waiting for you
for six hours and six minutes.
Oh. Uh, hey, there,
good morning, Asmodeus.
Wait, six hours?!
Yes indeed, sir.
Within the pitch black
of the witching hour.
There's no need for you
to things like that, Asmodeus.
Seriously!
Oh, is that so?
And please just call me Azz.
Let's skip the formalities, yes?
Azz, huh? Okay.
[ASMODEUS]
Yes. May I carry your bag?
[groans uncomfortably]
You don't have to do that.
-It's the honor student.
-You see the paper?
I guess he really did make
the head of the class
his servant.
[IRUMA]
So much for not standing out.
So can you tell me
where we're going again?
Well, first of all, master,
you and I are
both in the same group.
Really, we are?
That's right.
They'll divide
the 163 new students
into a certain number of groups,
and we'll practice
and prepare until classes begin.
It can't just happen
all at once.
[IRUMA]
I see.
[ASMODEUS] Today, we're holding
the familiar-summoning ritual.
And now, to the Familiars' Hall.
Familiars?
[ASMODEUS]
It's a tradition here at Babyls.
After entering the school,
each student summons
a magical beast
and makes it their subordinate.
[IRUMA]
And that makes it a familiar?
[ASMODEUS] The student's rank
will be determined
according to whichever
magical beast
they are able to summon.
Climbing those ranks
leads to academic success here.
The higher they climb,
the better they do.
Oh, I get it, that's so cool.
Though, I wonder
if familiars also eat humans.
[indistinct conversations]
Wow. This is
sort of nerve-racking.
These results
will also determine
what class
the school places you in.
-That's good to know.
-[gasps]
[ASMODEUS] Incidentally,
our guide is quite famous.
♪
Although he's strict
and terrifying.
Iruma!
[ALL gasp]
[IRUMA gasps]
[gasps]
[IRUMA]
I'm guessing that's the guy.
Silence.
I am Naberius Kalego,
and I will be your advisor.
I am the sole, permanent leader
of this ritual.
And, why? Because I
maintain dignity at all times.
I will decide whether
you are disposable trash,
or remotely useful trash.
But trash either way.
-For example...
-[gasps]
If trash used the spotlight
his grandfather gave him
to chant a vulgar spell
and then had the audacity
to cause a huge uproar
right afterward on the same day,
that'd be immediate grounds
for expulsion.
[IRUMA groaning in fear]
Also, if said trash
attempted to hit a teacher
during the entrance ceremony,
that too is immediate grounds
for dismissal.
I will instantly and personally
expel any failures,
so let this be a warning.
-Scary.
-Right?
[CREATURE] I think the severity
is a big part of his charm.
Be silent.
The Familiar-Summoning Course.
It's super easy, watch.
One: Draw a circle
in blood on some parchment.
Two: You head
into the magic circle
with said parchment.
Three: Hold the parchment
right above the candle
in the circle center. Aah.
Four: The smoke will start
to take form,
and your familiar will appear.
Yuruma.
Okay, now we're all going to--
That's enough explanation.
That seemed uncalled for.
I guess he doesn't think
that cute little lesson guide
is cute at all.
[KALEGO] It is imperative
that you only use the parchment
with my seal on it.
I can tell immediately
if it's a fake.
Um, excuse me, is this
going to be dangerous?
-[KALEGO] Dumb question.
-Uh...
You will be summoning
a subordinate
and making it serve you.
That's exactly
what familiars are.
And should a familiar
ever disobey its master...
[ALL gasp]
...there will be punishment.
That's just how deep
the blood pact between you is.
[ALL gasp]
Make sure you lot
are suitably prepared.
[gulps, whimpers]
He's so scary.
♪
Line up in an orderly fashion.
That man isn't even trying
to hide his animosity.
Not at all.
I'll gladly charge him
if you give me the order.
Ahh! Don't worry about it.
I'd never ask you
to do that for me.
Oh, very well.
Both of you,
get in line this minute!
♪
[EIKO]
Here we go.
♪
Come to me.
My familiar.
[meows]
Oh, wow!
[excited chatter]
Next up.
Took you long enough.
Time to shine.
[grunts in annoyance]
Oh, wow,
just look at all of 'em.
This is amazing.
Whoa.
[BOY]
It's Asmodeus' turn.
[ALL gasp]
♪
[gasps]
See, master?
That was totally incredible.
You are both so cool!
Your kindness humbles us.
[KALEGO]
A Gorgon Snake.
I guess I'm not surprised,
considering Asmodeus' lineage.
But this will look like a puppy
compared to the familiar
you're about to summon.
[IRUMA groans]
[KALEGO]
This much power
and he still lost to Iruma?
That's hard to believe.
However...
You shouldn't start cheering
for me just yet.
[KALEGO]
We shall find out soon enough.
You're next, Iruma.
[gasps] Right!
[groans uncomfortably]
[BOY 1]
Hey, it's Iruma's turn.
[BOY 2]
The honor student.
[BOY 3]
I wonder what he's gonna summon.
[IRUMA]
Everyone's staring at me.
The problem is I don't have
any magical powers
'cause I'm human.
[grunts]
♪
He said if I fail this test,
I'll be expelled.
Wait a minute!
If they were
to actually expel me,
I'd get to walk away
from this place scot-free!
If this lesson proves to be
impossible for me to handle,
I'm saved!
I'll get to go back
to the human world!
-[chuckling]
-[BOY 1] That smile's no joke.
[BOY 2]
Oh, he'll crush this.
You'll do splendid, Iruma.
[KALEGO]
What nerve, smirking like that.
He looks just like him.
That reckless, obnoxious demon
with no regard for others.
He embodies the three things
I fully despise.
Just like Mister Random,
that dumbass chair-demon!
-[SULLIVAN] Yay! [screams]
-[KALEGO] Hmph!
I can't begin to count
all the things I went through
because of that cur.
On a whim, he docked my pay.
He forced that stupid
lesson guide on me. [grunts]
He even crashed the ceremony.
But I am the one in charge of
the familiar-summoning ritual.
If he screws up
even a little bit,
I'll take delight in expelling
your precious little grandson.
[NARRATOR]
Summoning.
[growling]
The ritual in which
demons summon magical beasts
and make them their familiars.
It is also the ritual
in which humans summon demons,
and make them their familiars.
♪
[BOTH gasp]
Ironically, the parchment
had Kalego's seal on it.
[screams]
And Iruma is a human,
which means...
♪
There it is.
-[heart thumping]
-So this... is my...
fa... miliar?
[IRUMA AND KALEGO]
Wha-a-at?!
[NARRATOR] Which means,
much to his rage and horror,
the demon Kalego
was summoned by the human Iruma
to be his familiar.
[ALL gasp]
You bungling idiot!
What the hell did you do?!
I have no idea, sir.
I'm really sorry.
Enough!
Stop the summoning right now!
[IRUMA panting]
Yes, sir.
[KALEGO screams]
They're tearing!
You'll rip them off!
You fool!
You're supposed to push
when this happens!
Oh. Okay, sorry.
[grunts]
No, not my leg, stupid.
Get back over here
and push my head d--
[screams]
Oh, no!
[IRUMA screams]
[coughs]
Ugh, You okay, sir?
[ALL gasp]
[gasps]
[KALEGO]
Huh?
Oh...
♪
[screams in disbelief]
Huh?
Hmm. Hmm.
[squeaking]
[scoffs]
[gasps]
-[IRUMA] Oh, no!
-[KALEGO] Inconceivable.
This can't be.
Say something, professor,
are you okay?
Wait, are you even
our professor?
Iruma, sir.
Oh. Azz, something
terrible just happened.
-I am moved beyond words!
-[IRUMA] What?!
[ASMODEUS]
Miraculous.
You managed to make
Kalego your familiar.
Eh?
[BOY 1]
A demon summoned a demon?
[BOY 2]
No way!
[BOY 3]
That's the first time.
Amazing!
Kalego's attitude towards you
was so hostile.
I knew you were
secretly enraged.
This'll show him good.
[IRUMA]
You've got it all wrong.
I swear, this was an accident.
I mean, uh...
[KALEGO]
Inconceivable!
[groans in fear]
[KALEGO]
Me? Me?!
[in a high-pitched voice]
A common familiar?
You cannot be serious!
Nullify this contract
immediately!
-You won't like the alternative!
-[gasps]
-[screams]
-[IRUMA] Professor!
[groans]
[cackling]
-[ALL gasp]
-[BOY 1] Whoa!
[BOY 2]
Is that the punishment?
-[GIRL] Awesome!
-[IRUMA groans in fear]
[BOY 3] I guess
familiars really can't
disobey their masters.
Yet again, I am slain!
But why though?!
[SULLIVAN guffawing]
Oh, me, oh, my.
No one in the history
of the netherworld
has ever summoned
a demon before.
Nullify the contract?
Not happening.
This ritual locks you in
for a year.
If you try to undo it by force,
you'll probably both die.
-[SULLIVAN laughing]
[KALEGO gasps, groans]
-[gasping]
-[laughing continues]
[IRUMA]
Not again!
[NARRATOR]
Unable to nullify the contract,
Iruma Suzuki, age 14,
acquired a familiar
on his first day of school.
[KALEGO]
A familiar... me?
Me?
[NARRATOR] Kalego ended up
bedridden from the shock,
and Iruma's rank
was never determined.
As a result,
Iruma's notoriety
spread even further
as he became known as the demon
who made another demon
his familiar.
[BOY 1] I heard he turned Kalego
into his familiar.
[BOY 2]
How do you even do that?
[GIRL]
That's insane.
♪
[GIRL giggles]
He's... he's so cute.
[BOY 1] Hey. Did you hear
what happened recently?
[BOY 2]
Yes, it's totally unprecedented.
[sighs in relief]
[murmuring]
[IRUMA]
Everyone's focused on me.
This wasn't supposed to happen.
I can't stand out.
Please, right this way,
Iruma, sir.
Right, so then are we, uh,
going to get our textbooks now?
Yes. With subjects
like demon basics,
curses, pharmaceuticals,
and the art of torture.
-Huh?
-I can't wait, what about you?
Uh, yeah, me neither.
I just cannot stand out.
[ASMODEUS]
You lot!
What do you think you're doing?
Make way for Master Iruma!
This isn't helping!
Didn't I say make way
for Master Iruma?!
♪
I'll turn you to ash.
[ALL screaming]
[ALL]
Somebody help us!
Azz. It's okay, you really
don't need to do that.
Is that so?
If that is your wish,
then so be it.
The path has now been cleared.
Let us proceed.
-[ALL gasp]
-Uh, alright.
Just try to blend in. Blend in.
[ASMODEUS]
Ah, this must be it.
[GIRL yells in distance]
-Huh?
-Wait.
There's something
going on in there.
-[thudding]
-[muffled screeching]
[GIRL]
Rolling! Rolling!
-[IRUMA] Huh? [gasps]
-[grunts]
Um, are you okay?
Strike!
[laughs]
It's a girl. Excuse me?
It's essential that you don't
speak to her, Master Iruma.
-Huh?
-[chuckles]
-[IRUMA gasps]
-I'm Clara.
My right foot's Connor
and my left foot's Murf.
My familiar's Falfal.
I was trying to grab
some teaching aids,
but I got too excited
and crashed.
Here, you wanna eat some candy?
When you see
a big pile of stuff,
don't you just wanna go kaboom?
Ooh! I'm gonna
do it again. Watch!
[grunts]
♪ If it's for Daddy ♪
♪ I'll skip to my Lou ♪
♪ If it's for Mommy ♪
-♪ I'll pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake ♪
-[grunts in admiration]
♪ But if it's for my Konchie ♪
-[IRUMA] Clara?
-♪ Skip to my Lou-ee ♪
♪ If it's for Keebow ♪
♪ I'll pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake ♪
[giggles]
Su... ki... ma.
[KALEGO] Today, the ritual
for the new students
to summon familiars will begin.
You'd better be prepared, Iruma.
[KALEGO grunts softly]
Hmm?
[meowing]
A black cat.
I have a very bad feeling
about this.
[NARRATOR]
Two hours before Kalego
was unceremoniously summoned
as a familiar...
[inaudible]
[ASMODEUS]
I am absolutely floored.
You actually turned
Naberius Kalego
into your familiar.
You're truly spawned
from the bottom of...
No, from the very depths
of hell, master.
Next on "Welcome to
Demon School! Iruma-kun,"
"Iruma and Clara,
Demon Friends."
What? I'm playing house?
And I'm playing the young wife?!
I cannot! I cannot!
Ooh, I think I may be
floored again next week,
Master Iruma!
♪